README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/google/oauth2client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/google/oauth2client)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/google/oauth2client/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/google/oauth2client?branch=master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/oauth2client/badge/?version=latest)](https://oauth2client.readthedocs.io/)

This is a client library for accessing resources protected by OAuth 2.0.

Installation
============

To install, simply run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
$ pip install --upgrade oauth2client
```

Contributing
============

Please see the [CONTRIBUTING page][1] for more information. In particular, we
love pull requests -- but please make sure to sign the contributor license
agreement.

Supported Python Versions
=========================

We support Python 2.7 and 3.4+. More information [in the docs][2].

[1]: https://github.com/google/oauth2client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[2]: https://oauth2client.readthedocs.io/#supported-python-versions

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/420ffee35ddd4eacd9ced66ca2c2ca10

Change-Id: I9fa82bcf187612f95ecac8d6670ad2ececd03c4a

README.md, after:

Team and repository tags
========================

[![Team and repository tags](http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-python-oauth2client.svg)](http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html)

<!-- Change things from this point on -->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/google/oauth2client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/google/oauth2client)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/google/oauth2client/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/google/oauth2client?branch=master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/oauth2client/badge/?version=latest)](https://oauth2client.readthedocs.io/)

This is a client library for accessing resources protected by OAuth 2.0.

Installation
============

To install, simply run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
$ pip install --upgrade oauth2client
```

Contributing
============

Please see the [CONTRIBUTING page][1] for more information. In particular, we
love pull requests -- but please make sure to sign the contributor license
agreement.

Supported Python Versions
=========================

We support Python 2.7 and 3.4+. More information [in the docs][2].

[1]: https://github.com/google/oauth2client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[2]: https://oauth2client.readthedocs.io/#supported-python-versions
